
##Storage:

	+ S3	: Object storage built to store and  retrieve any amount of data, at any time, from anywhere on the web. 
Its a serverless service. We dont need to worry what behides it. We need to create things called BUCKET. 
Upload OBJECT to BUCKET. The size of that BUCKET is theoretically unlimited.	

	+ Glacier	: is cheapest storage service on AWS. Its used to long term archiving of data. Its also serverless service. 
Its not directly accessable. We can setup lifecycle rule that will automatically migrate old data from S3. 

	+ EBS (Elastic Block Storage)	:   Low latency block storage and specifically for attaching to servers.Its similiar to attaching HardDisk. 
	+ EFS (Elastic File System)	: Its network attached storage. It allows multiple servers to access one data source in a similar way to NAS. 
	+ Storage Gateway	: It enables hybird storage between on premise environments and AWS Cloud. 
	+ Snowball	: Its a portable.. petabyte storage device. Can be used to migrate data and large amount of data using Snowball device. 




##Database:
  
	+ RDS (Relational Database Service)	: Can launch RDMS database servers like MySQL.. ORACLE.. MSSQL
	+ DynamoDB	: Its a NoSQL database as serverless service.
	+ Redshift	: Is a fast fully managed petabytes scale data warehouse that is based upon the PostGRE SQL database engine. 
	+ ElasticCache	: is an in-memory data store or cache in the cloud. Its allows to retrive information form fast fully. 
	+ DMS (Database Migration Services)	: It migrate data from one database engine type to another differnet database engine type. 
	+ Neptune	: Is a fast reliable fully managed graph database engine optimized for storing billions of relationships.




##Compute Services:

	+ EC2: 
	+ EC2 AutoScaling	:  Allow to dynamically scale EC2 capability according to conditions that we define.
	+ Amazon Lightsail	:  Its a easiest way to launch virtual servers runing application in AWS cloud.  AWS will provision everything 
what we need including DNS management and storage to get up and running as quickly as possible.

	+ ECS (Elastic Container Service)	: Its highly scalable high performence container management for Docker containers. 
It will run on a managed cluster of EC2 instances. 
	+ Lambda	: Is a serverless service and we just upload the code and AWS takes care of everything. 



##Networking and Content Delivery:

	+ CloudFront	:  Is a global content delivery network or CDN requested content to over 100 edge locations across the latency and high transfer speeds. 
It also provides aganist DdoS attacks. 
	
	+ VPC	: We can launch AWS resources in that virtual network. Its private space. No one can enter without permissions.
	+ Direct Connect: Is a high-speed dedicated network connection to AWS. Enterprises can use it to establish private connection to AWS cloud.    
	
	+ ELB (Elastic Load Balancer)	: Incoming traffic for application across multiple EC2 instances and also multiple availability zones. 
If AZ goes down, traffic will continue responses to requests. It allows to achieve high availability and fault tolerance by distributing traffic among instances.
	
	+ Route 53	: Amazon route 53 is highly available and scalable domain name system.
	+ API Gateway	: Is a fully managed service that makes easy for developers to create and deploy secure API at any scale. 
Its a serverless service as we dont need to worry about underlying infrastructure. 




